## Cozemble
Cozemble is a "data and process canvas". You can build a "graph" of the data in a business: customers, orders, invoices, bookings etc. That gives you a data management capability - an autogenerated database and user interface.

Some of the "slots" in the graph can be http calls. Http call slots can make use of data anywhere around them in the data graph for inputs, and you can make the results of a http call to anywhere in the data graph.

The final piece is, for any given slot, you can assign events to emit from it based on conditions. "if this value changes, emit event X".

Other slot types can subscribe to event, and kick off activities. So, this beautiful mix of data slots, events, and http slots allows anyone to model any data structure in a business and any and all business processes associated.

## How to run locally

1. Clone the repo
2. pnpm install
3. pnpm run build
4. cd backend/tenanted-api
5. pnpm run clean:postgres (you will need docker.  This boots up a postgres instance using docker and migrates the database)
6. cp env-development .env-development
7. Read .env-development and set the values appropriately
8. pnpm run dev (this will start the api server)
9. Open another terminal window
10. cd frontend/main-app
11. npm run dev (this will start the main web app, and it should be on http://localhost:5173)
12. Go to http://localhost:5173/cozconfig and click the radio button to use local endpoints
13. Go to http://localhost:5173 and you should see the login screen
